What's your mission today?
-Save the hostages, sir.
What?
Kill the hostages is more like it.
Such a cute and innocent girl
was killed by you.
Can't you differentiate
between friend and foe?
Did I tell you
how many hostages there are?
No, sir.
So you thought there's only me.
And you, you were firing while jumping.
It's so cool, right?
You didn't look behind you.
Is your back made of steel?
If she wasn't there,
I would have gotten up.
Then I'd get shot by you.
Then you have to take care of my funeral
and also provide for my parents.
Look at you, can you afford it?
Have you gotten enough scolding?
Yes, sir.
Good. From now on,
there will be no more scolding from me.
Starting tomorrow, I'll be promoted,
get a raise, live in a mansion,
and have an imported dog.
You're on your own.
Are you really happy that I'm leaving?
Let me tell you.
I'm happier than you.
Inspector Chow, your file isn't here yet.
Madam will see you in a while.
Hey...
Nothing.
I know you may think I'm boasting,
but think about it.
I'll be giving out orders
in that room later.
How can I not be proud of myself?
I'm brokenhearted.
I'm finally getting promoted.
Brokenhearted!
-You're brokenhearted?
-Yes.
Is that possible? You've dated before?
-No.
-That's right.
We're pen pals.
Pen pals?
We've corresponded for three years.
Recently, she stopped writing to me.
Why?
Because I sent her a photo.
You asked for it then.
Look at yourself,
how can you send your picture?
Yes, that's why I sent yours.
-My picture?
-Yes, your picture.
Then she never wrote me back
after she saw it.
Well, it's not your fault.
It's not a sin to have an ugly face.
What is love,
that it moves us to live or die?
It's confusing
and makes us feel helpless.
Your mom--
Did I ask for cold water?
Have you ever seen me
drink cold water before?
No.
Then why did you pour me cold water?
Behave, this is a police station.
So what?
I like to hit her and she likes it.
-Do you like it?
-Yes.
-Speak up.
-Louder!
-Yes!
Then go and get me water.
Are you jealous that I have
lots of women? I don't care.
You're getting a statement?
-Let me do it.
-Yes, sir.
-Come here.
-Where?
-Over here.
-I'm coming now.
Hey, you're just asking me questions.
Do you need to use a hammer?
Asking questions? I'll beat you first.
-Hold him, don't let him move.
-Hey...
-Wait.
-Hey.
-What are you doing?
-Sit still!
Tat...
-This isn't according to the rules.
-Have you questioned suspects before?
No, but you'll get in trouble
if you hurt him.
How would I hurt him?
I'll put a phone book on this chest
and hit it with the hammer.
They won't find any wounds.
There's no need to create trouble
at this time.
-Do you have a phone book?
-Hey, no.
Why are there no phone books
-in such a big station?
-I don't think I brought it. Here it is.
Yes! That would do. Put it on his chest.
-I really don't agree with this.
-It's fine. Put it here or he'll get hurt.
-Come, put it here.
-Hey.
I'll count to three.
Sir, your phone book is so small.
It will kill me.
Open it.
At the count of three.
It will still kill me.
-Take your hands off! Hold him.
-No.
-Hold him.
-Hey...
It's not my fault, I'm forced to do so.
-At the count of three.
-Hey, stop playing around.
-Hurry up.
-Hey.
Two.
Hey.
Do you want to die?
Release him, I want
to fight him one-on-one.
-What the hell?
-Release him!
Fine, do whatever you want.
Are you fighting with me or him?
Him.
-Sing.
-What?
Relay.
-Didn't you say you want a one-on-one?
-It's the same if you do it.
I knew it.
Want to do some wrestling, man?
My turn. Relay...
Sing, relay.
I'm so ashamed to know you.
Stop talking. Hurry, come...
Hurry...
-Hey, give me a cigarette.
-Dream on, it's 1.5 dollars per piece.
Relay...
Again?
Let's see.
You asked for it.
Why did you beat up the plaintiff?
Such a big man hit a woman.
He deserves it.
I hate men who don't respect women.
You can report me if you think I'm wrong.
I want to file a complaint.
A policeman beat me up.
Are your files here?
Not yet.
Sir, I'm sorry.
According to our procedures,
these two aren't policemen anymore.
What?
Are you kidding me?
Then why did they beat me up?
The government never jokes around.
We act according to reason.
If you really want to sue these men,
I can only charge...
the three of you for fighting.
-Are you interested in that?
-Yes!
You let these mad dogs beat me up?
Why? Tell me.
I want to report him! And him!
I'll report you too, bitch!
Don't think that I wouldn't recognize you
because it's dark in here.
I'll remember you the most.
You're short, fat, and wrinkled!
You poked my eyes!
I'm the head of this district.
If you want to report me, come to me.
Did anyone see me poke his eyes?
-Yes.
Then I'll do it one more time.
I'll kick you too.
Report me and see if anybody believes you!
You're dismissed.
Did anyone see me kick him?
-Yes.
Do you see me as short, fat, and wrinkled?
-No.
Madam, that was a misunderstanding.
-But a lot--
-I, Tso Tat-wah, am responsible for it.
I was happy to hit that bastard earlier.
If you think I'm wrong, Madam,
you can fire me anytime.
You two did very well
in the firearms case last month.
-Yes, because--
-That's nothing, it's our duty.
Nothing special.
Don't be so humble.
What do you want to do?
Which department is the most dangerous
in the police force?
Regional Crime Unit.
I want to go to the Regional Crime Unit.
If you go there, what about me?
I'll go to the Traffic Unit then? Gosh.
CONNECT BY AIR AND LAND THROUGH HO KEE
What exactly have I done wrong?
Hopeless.
I'm doomed.
Turn off the engine.
License and ID, please.
We're in big trouble.
-It's Sing.
-It's Sing!
-Hey!
-Sing!
He used to be our leader.
-We don't need to be afraid.
-You guys are becoming stupider.
-You're funny.
-Hey...
Sing, we're fine, right?
You guys are lucky. You met me this time.
You won't be as lucky next time.
Be careful.
-We can go then?
-Go.
Why were you so unlucky to be
demoted to a traffic policeman?
-Yes.
Turn off the engine.
License and ID, please.
Stop joking around.
We're going to have dim sum.
Ignore him.
I'm definitely not joking.
Get out of the car,
put both hands on your head.
Hold them tight.
I'm now charging you for dangerous
driving and attempted murder.
I'm not the driver--
You had sexual intercourse
with an underage girl.
I haven't--
Look at it yourself.
Go!
Bastards, am I unlucky?
It's called falling from grace.
You're not slowing down?
Hey, Sing.
Tat?
Wow, you're in a good mood. Having a BBQ?
-Of course.
-Give me a sausage.
There's more over there.
Hey, are you getting used to the uniform?
It's good. It's bright and colorful.
I like it.
-Really?
-Yes.
Then wear it longer.
Gosh, you don't know
how to make Madam happy.
She's lucky that I didn't beat her up.
I'm not shameless like you,
I don't pursue old women.
Hey, I didn't pursue her.
She's the one who keeps following me.
I'll date her for sure.
Look at your ugly face.
I wonder what she likes about you.
-She likes that about me.
-What?
Look at you,
you're the number one shooter in the SDU.
Sir, the car's gone.
I have to go. I'm following a big case.
What case?
Hey!
A big case?
Is there anybody from Team 2?
They have IDs.
Is the Urban Council
trying to clear their garbage?
Check it out.
-Don't shoot, I'm a police officer too.
-Okay.
We've got an undercover cop up there.
Let me go.
Everybody's safe.
He's our undercover cop.
He's investigating a terrorist case
at an international school.
Those terrorists have already blown up
two schools in Britain.
We're still investigating
which school is their target
in Hong Kong this time.
Lydia, your turn.
The Special Branch didn't inform us
that there would be an undercover cop.
Does the Special Branch
need to tell you what we do?
Pete, don't get mad.
Both departments didn't do anything wrong.
Kid, what's your name?
Traffic Unit, PC Number 167,
Chow Sing-sing, sir.
Do you have any backers?
Backers? No.
Then show loyalty
and be the scapegoat for the case.
Okay?
This won't do, I didn't do anything.
Yes, it's embarrassing.
-It's fine, I'll just beat him up.
-He deserves it.
-You think so too?
-Yes.
I'll go beat him up now.
Hey, be gentle. Don't kill him.
-It's hard to say, I can't control myself.
-Don't use so much force.
-My punches are forceful.
-You're right.
Who can take my punch in this world?
-I think there's none.
-Okay, I'll beat him up then.
Hey, don't hurt my Madam.
I'll beat up whoever wrongs me.
-Yes.
-Am I right?
Yes. Then hurry back for coffee afterward.
-Do you want to go for coffee?
-Yes.
Then let's go for coffee first.
Let me tell you. I, chow Sing-sing,
am not afraid of anyone!
Whoever wrongs me, I'll beat him up!
Have a cup of tea, ma'am.
Good boy.
Mom, don't force him. Okay?
I'm forcing him? When did I force him?
Tell me, am I forcing you?
Tell me.
Theoretically, no.
Your mom wouldn't force him.
-Hey.
-Yes?
I'm chatting with him.
Don't interrupt, okay?
Oh, yes.
Be honest, have you thought
about getting married?
Under normal and logical
moral ideologies, yes.
What does that mean?
It means no.
Why? Because I've got no money.
No money? No way.
You've got no money
after working as a cop for so long?
You're kidding, right?
You're lying to me, aren't you?
For weddings, the dress,
dowry, vouchers, sweets,
banquet, honeymoon, new house,
and other things...
I couldn't afford any of them.
I heard that policemen's salary
is five hundred million dollars.
That was a long time ago.
It's none of your business.
Five hundred million? Yes, I have it.
But I've spent it all on those.
No way. These are worth
five hundred million?
Yes, they are.
They're only made from paper.
Yes.
Right now, you just cost me
hundred and fifty million.
It's that expensive?
Hey, you've got money.
Where?
We opened this account together.
I remember, each of us
contributed ten dollars.
It has more than ten dollars now.
100,000 dollars? You've saved that much?
Hey, you've contributed too.
Don't you remember?
I can't help it, my daughter is like me.
-You're lucky, get ready for the wedding.
-Hey.
Mom, don't worry. He'll do it.
Okay.
Hey, Sing.
There's an important matter
that needs your help.
The Special Branch and Regional Crime Unit
are cooperating for the first time.
I'll be exposed this time.
-You're going to be a gigolo?
-No.
-Then why will you be exposed?
-Well.
No, I mean I'll get exposure.
I'll be visible...
How should I say it?
You'll be outstanding.
Yes. Outstanding.
-That's what I've just said.
-Yes.
-Right?
-And then?
Well, I know all these English words,
but I don't understand them.
Explain them to me.
Here, it says...
-What?
-What is it?
-No way.
-What?
-What's the matter?
Madam, please think twice.
I believe that aside from me,
you shouldn't find
anyone else for this case.
Tso Tat-wah is the best
in the Regional Crime Unit.
He'll surely be able to do this.
Say it yourself, can you do this?
Well, let me tell you,
those terrorists are crazy.
Stop pretending, say it.
I know. The report is very detailed.
This case is very dangerous,
but I've never been afraid of danger.
Don't overestimate yourself.
Your superior is complaining that
you're not suitable for traffic duties.
I'm considering transferring you
to Tung Lung Island.
That's a deserted island.
Yes, there are no roads.
Wow, then you'll have an easy job.
Congratulations.
Can the low-ranking policeman
please leave?
We're having a meeting.
Sorry, I'm not a low-ranking policeman.
Actually, I'm not part
of the police force anymore.
I resign.
The river flows to the east
during springtime.
The younger generation
has no manners nowadays.
Tat, the Regional Crime Unit
is lucky to have you.
Lower your voice.
Others might get jealous.
Sing. Hey, I've found several jobs
that's suitable for you.
Listen.
An electronics factory is looking for
an experienced injection molding operator.
It has a high salary, good benefits,
and transportation is provided.
Not suitable?
This one.
Tung Wah Group of Hospitals is looking
for a guard. It has nice uniforms.
That suits you. You like uniforms so much.
Not suitable?
Hey, this one suits you.
A movie company
is looking for a male lead actor.
No bad habits, young and strong,
agile and has an imposing presence.
Hey, you fit all their requirements.
-Do I?
-Yes.
But there's a minor requirement
that doesn't fit.
What is it?
They're looking for a male dog to do
another version of the movie Ghost.
Just a minor thing.
It doesn't hurt to try.
You're not thinking that
you're worse than a dog, right?
It's not that bad.
Sing, you've got to have a plan.
You're still young.
Are you thinking of being a bum?
No matter what, I've already decided.
What is it? If you're going into business,
count me in.
To do what I do best.
That's right, the role of a dog
is suitable for you.
Going undercover.
I want to go back to school
to work undercover.
I need a few assistants
to act as the students.
They have to be strong, agile,
smart, and courageous.
That's why I need you guys.
-No way.
You're obviously trying to trick us.
How do you know?
We're so lousy.
How are we strong, agile,
smart, and courageous?
-Don't think that we're that stupid.
-That's right.
We're lousy, but we're not that bad.
Don't think you can fool us so easily.
-No way.
-No.
-Even if you're our leader.
How much money do you want? Say it.
-15,000.
15,000 each.
On a monthly basis.
Hong Kong dollars, not yen.
Deal.
-Thanks, boss.
-Let's eat.
-Let's go together.
-I don't get why we have to do this.
-That's right.
Because I want everyone to know
that I'm number one in the SDU.
In the lost pistol case last time, I was
very courageous in the face of danger.
I should've been Chief Superintendent
or Chief Inspector.
I definitely shouldn't be PC Number 167
in the Traffic Unit.
-Do you understand?
-I do.
You're lying!
You're so dense, how would you understand?
Sing, I'm dense, but I'm very smart!
Within one week,
which is before midnight of Christmas Eve,
if the British Government doesn't release
the head of the terrorists,
they'll create trouble
in one of the schools in Hong Kong.
Sing, why does the British Government's
business concern Hong Kong?
-Right.
-Is it a holiday on the Queen's birthday?
-Yes.
-Then it's our business.
-That's right.
But there are so many schools
in Hong Kong. Which one do we go to?
I've done an analysis already.
The undercover cop who just died
was in the Adam Smith International.
Those currently studying in this school
are the children of ambassadors
and big businessmen.
If I were the terrorists,
I'll cause trouble there.
But what if you're wrong?
Then I'll beat you up.
Can we rely on this?
It's as reliable as 999 pure gold.
You guys get ready, I'll enroll us.
Sing, don't guess wrong.
Excuse me, is Principal Kam here?
You mean Mr. Kim, the manager?
He's a principal, not a manager.
It's the same. It's the first door
when you turn left up ahead.
Are you Principal Kam?
Come in.
I have a guest. I'll talk to you later.
What can I do for you?
I want to enroll.
Which one?
Adam Smith International.
Which grade?
Grade 12, there are four of us.
There are slots available.
I'll process the paperwork.
Chow Sing-sing, how old are you?
18 years old.
Are you serious?
You look like at least 28.
It doesn't matter.
Regardless of your age,
don't feel inferior.
As long as you're willing to learn,
we'll teach you.
That's good.
The tuition fee is 4,000 dollars each,
16,000 dollars for 4 people.
And the book fee is 3,600 dollars each.
The sports uniform fee
is 2,800 dollars each.
The total is 41,600 dollars.
Sir, thank you.
Hey.
What are you doing here?
Studying.
Where's the Student Affairs office?
Are you kidding me?
Thanks. Say thank you.
-Thank you.
I wonder if the Director of
Student Affairs is nice or not.
Can he be worse than Mr. Lam from before?
You idiots, we paid to come here.
Am I right, Sing?
-It's Uncle Tat!
-No!
If you're James Bond, then I'm Batman.
Listen, I'm your Director
of Student Affairs, James Bond!
Not Batman, or Superman.
And also not Uncle Tat.
Come. Hit me if you dare.
Those guys from the Special Branch
are watching us outside.
I don't care, I came here to study.
The Director of Student Affairs
hits us for no reason?
Not "us".
The order is to just hit you.
Come on, let me hit you
and finish the job.
I'll treat you to supper later.
You think I'm stupid?
How can I eat after you hit me?
Don't worry, I'll be gentle.
If it hurts, you can fight back.
-Okay.
-Come on.
There's no need for supper,
just give me 1,000 dollars.
-500 dollars.
-800 dollars.
Deal!
Wow, are they enemies?
Hey, you're getting 800 dollars from me.
Can you treat me to dinner?
I'll give you a banana.
Why are you such a miser?
Hey, it's so dull to go
just left and right.
I'm so tired.
I'm hitting you.
I'm not tired, but you are?
My neck is tired
from turning side to side.
Any other styles?
Yes.
Why is there a cane here?
Sing, are you all right?
-I'm fine.
-What should we do now?
Look for a chance to beat up that bastard.
No, I mean what's the next step?
All right, we need to get access
to information in this school.
I want to know everything Mike did
in this school before.
I see. We'll get going then.
Where are you going?
That way.
For what?
That's none of your business.
What kind of attitude is that?
Sing, where are we going?
-Anywhere, over there.
-Okay.
Still fooling around, kid?
Are you finished?
Almost, Sing. Be patient.
Hurry up.
Sorry, man.
I'm a girl.
I wouldn't know if you didn't tell me.
Now you know.
You don't seem like one.
Apologize.
I'm sorry, miss.
Are we done here?
-Sing...
-Let's go.
Sing, it's almost dark.
We haven't found our room yet.
Ask someone.
This one must be a girl.
Hey, girl. Where's the classroom?
Sweetie, would you
tell me where Room 507 is?
It's downstairs.
This novel, Tides isn't suitable for you.
The male and female leads met
and encountered huge tides.
Unfortunately, they died
and everything ended in tragedy.
It's too sad.
You should read something less sad.
Something less sad?
Yes, such as Yik Shu's Spring Dream.
Tsukasa Hojo's City Hunter.
Akira Toriyama's Doctor IQ.
Oh, Wong Yuk-long's Oriental Heroes.
I think that's the most suitable for you.
Sing, I didn't know that you have
such a deep foundation in literature.
You're a man of sense.
I don't get why people say
you're senseless.
I know, right?
-It's not fair.
-It's unreasonable.
Sing, I've got a new recruit.
-You?
-Yes, I was surprised too.
-He's our leader.
-Leader.
-How much do you want, Leader?
-What are you talking about?
Every leader asks for money.
What does he mean?
Albert joined all the clubs in school.
Yes, from school clubs to triads
and he pays all the fees.
-Is there a triad here?
-Yes.
That guy belongs to Gang B.
He's dark-skinned, but that doesn't mean
he's part of a triad.
Black people have triads too.
That guy belongs to Gang C.
C?
C for supercalifragilisticexpialidocious.
Actually, I just want
to ask you about someone.
Follow me.
-Pay up.
Thirty dollars?
Give a discount, we're friends.
Fine.
-Never mind.
-Don't forget.
-Fanshu.
-Yes.
Did you get it done?
I've already found some informers, Sing.
There's absolutely no problem.
Over there. I have already
paid for those seats.
It's that girl from earlier.
Sweetie.
They're so disorderly.
Isn't that good? We can do anything.
Do we need to be restrained
like we're in jail?
-It's really number two.
-What is?
Number two in the fifth race.
Hey, the sixth race will soon begin.
Ten percent discount
for outside betting. Interested?
No? Stocks, gold, options,
currencies then?
Hey, the yen's currency is appreciating.
Interested?
No? Women from China, USA, France, Russia?
Eighteen years old,
you can go all the way.
No? Men? Animals? Dogs?
Mice?
Sir, that book is for you.
What do you think?
It's good.
Read it carefully, it's really good.
I don't really like balls.
Why don't we take attendance first?
Sandy Lai.
-Sandy.
-Hey.
Present.
And this one is a new student.
Stephen Chow.
-Present.
It's Chow.
Present.
Mr. Chow, welcome to the class.
Matthew, chapter 27.
At this time, when Judas,
the betrayer of Jesus,
saw that Jesus had been convicted,
he was filled with regret.
-Play Mahjong.
-Good, how much are we betting?
What are you doing?
Goodbye, sir. Let's play mahjong.
Your punishment is to copy
the Old and New Testament.
What? Why is he so serious?
Didn't you want to play mahjong?
Maybe a few years later.
The Bible is so thick.
Don't think about playing mahjong
for two years.
You won't even have time to masturbate.
How can I survive?
Going back to the regretful Judas.
He placed those 30 pieces of silver
in the church.
Then left and hung himself.
What depressed him so much
to end his life?
Do you think that Judas
who betrayed Jesus is a good man?
Judas? He's okay.
If he did not betray Jesus,
then he would not be nailed to the cross.
If that didn't happen, then you wouldn't
have a cross on your neck.
You'd be unemployed. Are you scared?
Judas' betrayal was God's plan.
Yes. That means God purposely
tricked Judas.
God, please forgive me for being violent.
Please show me how to save this student.
Sing, there's no order here.
Do it if you want to.
Why? Do you want to copy the Bible?
That's not a big deal.
We can talk about
God saving my soul later.
Right now, I want to hit you.
Sing, you're great. Your punch is good.
But I sense something bad is coming.
Gosh, you could have insulted anyone,
but not Minister Wong.
He's the most powerful person in school,
even more than me and the Principal.
He can kick you out anytime
if you offend him.
Why didn't you tell me earlier?
I forgot.
Go!
Let's see how you can hit me now.
You're something, Mr. Tso.
Of course! Don't run!
Mr. Tso.
What's the matter?
I want to ask you something
in the washroom.
-Do we need to go to the washroom?
-It would only take you a second.
-Just ask me here, okay?
-The washroom is better.
Don't run away, Mr. Tso!
Hey, it's a school regulation.
I didn't want to hit you.
You're so silly, when have I ever
kept the score with you?
I just beat you until you bled, right?
That means I'm not angry at all.
Yes. It's very kind of you
not to kill me. Thanks a lot.
I care about you.
It's worth buying me dim sum, right?
Yes.
Afterward, can you bring me
-some glutinous chicken and shumai too?
-Yes.
That guy is weird, what is he doing here?
Don't mind him.
It's fine as long as
he doesn't stand in our way.
Most importantly,
don't let him get close to Sandy.
Sir, I really won't do it next time.
You fool, let's see if you dare
to do it again next time.
Yes, but can you be gentle next time?
You won't be scared if I'm gentle.
-You're right.
-Go back to the classroom.
Is Sandy really involved in the case?
Sing, you were spectacular earlier.
You punched through the ball.
It was really amazing
and we are all in awe.
-Do I deserve a prize?
-Yes.
-The top prize.
-Did any pretty girls scream?
Not only that, some even moaned.
-Who?
-Look.
Sing, remember you can
only catch the eraser before.
Now, you've already attained the level
of punching through the ball
and you also looked so cool doing it.
You're amazing.
-I can not only catch the eraser now.
-What else can you catch?
-I can even catch bullets.
-Wow, you've got to show us that.
There will be a chance. Just be patient.
Then I'll wait for it. Okay?
So the Special Branch has already
set up their people here.
That proves I'm right.
There's surely something
going on in this school.
Great. I don't have to get beaten up.
What are you doing?
Do you have any information?
I want to take my girlfriend out.
-Yes.
-Me too.
What? Is it time to go now?
Go home and do your homework.
Chow Sing-sing, the Special Branch
wants to invite you for coffee.
Leader. You're going for coffee?
I want to come too.
What were you doing at school?
Do you have amnesia?
I told you many times,
we're there to study, man.
Call me sir.
Are you a teacher?
Which subject are you teaching?
Based on your looks, you must teach Shit.
No, I mean Chinese History.
I'm warning you guys.
Don't follow him to school again.
Otherwise, I'll arrest you.
What's the matter?
What can I do except study? I'm a student.
Yes, you can't stop people from studying.
Chow Sing-sing isn't part
of the police force anymore.
Isn't that right, Tat?
Are you scared of him?
I'm not scared of him at all!
Listen carefully. Focus on your studies.
Don't investigate the case,
don't flirt with girls,
don't beat
the Director of Student Affairs.
Get out.
That's enough. You're dismissed.
If anything goes wrong in this case,
you're responsible.
Did you arrange that?
Can you not ask what I'm up to?
Yes, I trust you.
Is your face all right?
You're so nosy.
Hey, why doesn't it work?
Never mind, our source said
they're inside. Let's move in.
Okay.
-How come no one's here?
-Be careful, they must be here.
Not me.
Sing, this guy knows our identity.
We're in danger.
How about...
Please don't kill me.
If our secret spreads out...
How come? I've already joined your club.
Finish the homework
if you want to get out of trouble.
It's done.
Sing, where's your Hi-Fi?
I sold it.
You're getting an upgrade?
I have no money, you guys already
spent my 100,000 dollars in two days.
I had to sell it.
Sing, don't worry.
I'll introduce you to a loan shark.
Who?
Sing, it's six o'clock, I'll charge you
overtime if we're not dismissed.
Dismiss.
-Ms. Ho? Long time no see.
-Long time no see.
-We'll talk to you later. We're off work.
-Off work?
-Bye.
Man.
Hey, they said they're off work.
Yes, they came to fix the plumbing.
Plumbing?
They're learning to be plumbers.
-My hair has gotten long again.
-No problem, sit down.
-Thank you.
-Miss, how many people?
One.
Have you reserved the wedding banquet?
Yes.
Where's the Hi-Fi?
There's no need for the Hi-Fi, is there?
I've got you. I don't need it anymore.
What are you talking about?
That means your singing
is better than a Hi-Fi.
I made an appointment
with a realtor tomorrow.
Remember to bring the checkbook, okay?
You want to make a deposit?
We're not in a rush, right?
Why? Don't you have money?
I do, I still have
whatever you gave me last time.
But if you make a deposit,
you have to pay the mortgage right away.
That's fine, you can apply
for civil service allowance.
Who says I have that?
Why don't you have it?
I'm an undercover cop.
Undercover cop? Weren't you promoted?
Yes, I was, but I'm still
an undercover cop.
I'm now the commander of undercover cops.
Not anyone can take this post.
You should be happy for me. Are you?
-Yes.
-Smile then.
Hey, will that delay our wedding?
No, it better not.
Otherwise, how will I survive?
What did you do?
Nothing.
Keep going.
-More?
-Yes.
You asked for it.
Hurry.
Today, I'll teach you judo.
To be good at judo,
the waist is the most important.
Come on.
Aside from that,
the feet are important too.
Come on.
Did you see that?
Actually, judo is very dynamic.
-Sandy, come and spar with him.
-Yes.
Sir, she's a girl.
I purposely pick the most petite one
to spar with you.
I'm afraid the others might kill you.
Ready. Fight!
Why are you dancing cha-cha? Fight!
Sorry about that.
All right, let's call that a draw.
Hey, you're done with the shower?
Do you practice judo?
No.
Why are you taking a shower?
We're partners.
Sandy isn't related to this case.
Sandy?
I don't understand, I'm just a student.
Then you shouldn't flirt with girls.
I'm not.
Is she the one flirting with you then?
Look at your face.
Side view, top of your head.
Which part will the girls love? Tell me.
-None.
-That's right.
If there's any girl, it's only Sandy.
Hey, why are you kissing?
Why didn't you invite me along?
Next time...
Stay away from her.
Do you have hair conditioner?
Give it to me.
Don't say thank you, thanks is okay.
Thanks.
Leader.
-Do you know that girl with short hair?
-Which one?
The one with the comic book
who is obviously wild based on her looks.
That's Jacky, Sandy's elder sister.
Everyone's afraid of her.
-Why? Do you have a plan?
-Yes.
Your mission is to divert the girl
reading the comic book
who is obviously wild based on her looks.
What? That one? No way.
What about the one next to her?
I'll take care of her,
you take care of the wild one.
Miss, do you have boobs?
What are you talking about?
Just a little is enough.
So what if my boobs are small?
-I mean time.
-No!
Hey!
You bastard, you want to get away?
Don't let me catch you.
Jacky.
Hey, what a coincidence.
-Yes, what a coincidence.
-That's right.
What are you doing here?
Getting a suntan.
Okay.
Let's go.
It seems like we've known
each other for a long time.
Yes, I have the same feeling.
To tell you the truth, I really like you.
I know.
To tell you the truth,
I'm not near-sighted.
It's getting in the way.
Going back to the conversation...
What was I saying?
-Going back to the conversation...
-Yes.
Do you remember a guy named Mike Chan?
Do you know Mike Chan?
-No.
-What?
-I don't know him.
-Mike Chan?
I don't know him.
Mike Chan.
There's Mike Chu and I know Peter Chan,
but not Mike Chan.
Are you kidding? Have you forgotten?
Please think carefully.
It's very important to me.
I think my sister may know.
Let's go and find her.
Let's see how long you can hold it.
Want to play? Come on.
No, thank you.
Get up.
-Are you okay?
-Yes.
Jacky, do you know a guy called Mike Chan?
-Mike Chan?
-Tell him.
Which Mike Chan?
This Mike Chan.
Oh, it's Slacker Chan.
-Slacker Chan?
-Yes, it's him. He's known as that.
Four days of absence in a week.
Sleeping in the class.
-Is that so?
-Yes.
Do you know his usual activities before?
He doesn't have any.
He's a slacker.
Let's play ball.
Gosh.
I have to try it this time.
I don't think it's a good idea.
This isn't something kids should do.
My sister isn't afraid,
why are you so lame?
-Yes.
-You haven't tried it before?
Yes, I haven't.
-Me too.
-Is that so?
Let's try it.
We're no longer kids after we do it.
-Come on, let's try it once.
-I don't think we should.
Come on, there's no one here.
-No.
-Just once!
Hurry!
-Can you take it?
-Yes.
-Okay.
-Come on!
All right.
-You won't regret it?
-No!
-Close your eyes then.
-Here I come.
-Come on.
I'm doing it!
What's the matter?
You have asthma?
No, I'm just breathing.
Breathing?
-Hey, where are my glasses?
-Glasses?
-My glasses. Oh, yes.
-Your glasses.
How do you feel?
Great, you?
But little girls shouldn't try this.
If you want to try it again,
remember to ask me.
-You're not afraid of an asthma attack?
-Yes, but for you, it's fine.
-Chow Sing-sing.
-Run!
Hey, wait. I want to ask you something.
-Oh, it's you.
-Don't be afraid.
What is it?
I've thought about it for so long.
I think you're the only one
who can teach me.
All right.
How can I get a girlfriend?
A girlfriend? Why are you asking me?
I saw you two just now...
You were very skillful.
Those are only the basics. Any targets?
Yes, but I don't know
why I'm such a coward.
No problem, let's talk.
Of course, you should have guts
in order to get a girlfriend.
-Yes.
-But I think the priority now is
-to get a good hairstyle first.
-Yes.
What a waste of time.
It turns out those are irrelevant.
Any updates, Siu-gwai?
-Siu-gwai.
-What?
Incredible! How can a kiss be so powerful?
It must be the power of love, Sing.
When will you marry her then?
She said when she's
financially stable first.
Fine. I must be the most
unfortunate among you then.
I'm stuck with a little girl.
I don't know how to end it.
Sing, you've got a girlfriend.
Can you resist her?
I'll handle her for you
even if it would cost me.
Okay, go ahead.
You're silly, I was kidding.
Look at me. With my face, how would I...
It's good that you know.
Anyway, we're in big trouble!
-Leader. I've got information.
-Yes, what is it?
Mike Chan had gone out
with the two girls over there.
Those two...
You two go and talk to them first.
Sing, you always ask us
to do this kind of thing.
-We feel like gigolos.
-Yes.
-Would you do it then?
-Of course.
These young men are still young indeed.
Look, they can't
control themselves at all.
How can they accomplish big things?
Hey.
Let's go and buy a soft drink.
Just a soft drink?
How about having lunch together?
-Wow.
-They're vibrating.
-Hey, you're cheating.
Still playing around?
Let me ask you.
Does Sing really have a girlfriend?
Yes, you have no idea how pretty she is.
Unlike you.
Yes. Tell Sandy to consider me.
I'm not bad, right?
My haircut is just a bit outdated.
What a jerk.
You. Do you have another girlfriend?
Do you? Tell me.
No.
Why are your ears so red then?
I don't know.
I feel ashamed for you
for having these kinds of friends.
Let me tell you.
Don't let me see Chow Sing-sing again.
If I see him, I'll beat him up.
Do you hear me?
You really don't want to go out
with me, right?
That's not it. It depends.
If you don't want to, then don't.
If you do, you should let me
hold your hand,
not the school bag.
I told you, it depends.
Let's get something to eat.
What did you say earlier?
I'm asking you again, am I pretty?
-You're pretty!
-Say it!
Let's go somewhere else.
-What's the matter?
-I want to pee.
-I'll wait for you.
-Let's go together.
No, not in the washroom. Let's talk here.
-Hey, don't you want to pee?
-Oh, I want to hold it for a while.
Can you hold it?
Nothing's hard in this world
if you're determined.
Go and get something to eat.
-Okay, hold it for a while then.
-Okay.
As an undercover cop,
I'm prepared for this.
-How come you have a mask on?
-Let's go.
No. I know these people.
Hi, sir, ma'am.
-What a coincidence.
-Yes, what a coincidence.
This is Ms. Ho. She used to be my tutor.
Ms. Ho, since you stopped tutoring me,
my grades have been dropping.
Come to my place if you have time then.
-But I'm going to move out soon.
-Are you?
I'm getting married.
-You're getting married? Congratulations.
-Yes.
-Thank you.
-Congratulations.
I'm on a date.
-Is he your boyfriend?
-Wow.
Hello, how are you?
But he's always very naughty.
He's so much fun.
-Let's go.
-What?
-We haven't eaten yet.
-I'm not feeling well.
-Let's go.
-Excuse me, I'll go ahead.
-Okay, bye.
-Bye.
Bye. I'm safe now.
-Sing!
-Who is it?
-It's me.
-You've got the wrong person.
Who says so?
If it wasn't for your voice,
I wouldn't have recognized you.
Sit.
It's you?
Yes. Sit.
Let me fix the situation for you.
Ms. Ho, don't be mad.
The reason why Sing
is with Sandy lately is
because of work.
It's hard to say if there are
personal feelings between them.
Don't interrupt me.
Don't take it too seriously.
Don't take it seriously too.
Actually, Sing is very ambitious.
Even though he got fired
by the police force,
he still insists on working undercover.
Also, because of it,
he even spent 100,000 dollars
of your wedding money.
-What?
-What a guy!
He's very miserable now.
Look at him. Am I right?
So, let's think of a way to help him.
Let's think of something.
Let's not get married then.
Gosh!
Good idea, that's the solution.
Just don't get married.
You got me in big trouble now,
you damn old pig!
Why did you insult me?
I was helping you.
Good thing the Special Branch
doesn't have someone like you in our team.
Damn old pig.
You're insulting me?
What's the matter?
Can't we call you damn old pig?
-Say that again.
-Damn old--
-Hey!
-Why did you hit him?
-He insulted me.
I did too, why didn't you hit me?
I'm not as strong as you.
It's good that you know.
Have some tea.
Don't be mad.
The Special Branch is messing with you
because they're jealous of you.
Don't worry. I'm here. I can handle them.
But we're depending on you for this case.
The problem isn't you,
it's Chow Sing-sing.
That guy has gone too far.
He'll get in trouble sooner or later.
You have to be careful too.
Here.
Go have some fun.
Here's my supplementary gold card.
Are you teaching me what to do?
No.
Don't ever say bad things
about my friend again.
I admire your strength
of character the most.
Do you know?
Everyone in the station respects you.
They say you're righteous,
capable, and generous.
If there were more people like you,
there would be world peace.
So, what are you going to do?
-Expel Sing from school.
-Good!
I'm getting married soon.
There's no use following me around.
I want to.
You've got no future this way.
I don't want a future.
Give it to someone else
if you don't want it.
Stop bothering me.
What about me then?
Ask your mom. Why are you asking me?
Have you ever liked me?
You know, it's only a game.
I'll be honest about that.
Fuck you.
Why? Am I contagious?
Jacky said you're heartless
and told me not to be near you.
Class.
Let's have a quiz today, okay?
Shut up!
Damn you!
You're throwing erasers at me?
When I was throwing erasers,
fishballs were only one cent per stick.
Tell them the class is starting.
You tell them.
Me?
You're the teacher.
Where's your dignity?
How do you teach your students?
Tell them.
-The class is starting.
-Louder!
-The class is starting!
-Say it in a complete sentence.
The class is starting and today,
we have a quiz!
The class is starting
and today, we have a quiz!
Is that okay?
A quiz! Today!
Chow Sing-sing, come out.
I'm not in a good mood, what do you want?
Let me be clear, I have no choice.
Let me go first.
Mr. Principal.
Hello, Mr. Principal.
-Hello, Chow Sing-sing, long time no see.
-Yes, I haven't seen you in school.
-How's business going?
-It all depends on the students.
Hey, where do you get
your money from lately?
What are you saying?
I need you to give me some tips.
I've taken over a Chiu Chow food stall
at Temple Street. Are you interested?
A food stall? Yes.
-Okay, I'll count you in.
-Well, thanks.
-Hey, why are your parents looking for me?
-What parents?
-Your mom?
-Your mom.
-She's here, Mrs. Chow.
-Yes!
You bad boy, I'm here
to withdraw you from school.
Mr. Principal?
I'm withdrawing my son from school.
Welcome.
Kids who can't study
in schools are pitiful.
-Who said so?
-Hold it.
-Who said I'm withdrawing from school?
-Me.
-Hey, Madam.
-Madam? Call me Mom.
What the heck? You did it with my dad?
Of course, how else would I have you then?
-So you won't acknowledge me now?
-She did it with my dad?
-I did too.
-Look.
I even brought
his birth certificate. Look.
-His mom, Yu So-chau, that's me.
-What? You're Yu So-chau?
Yes, I can prove she's Yu So-chau.
Everyone, please be quiet.
Give me time to think
about what is happening.
-Okay.
-Yes, kids must go to school.
What? What are you talking about?
Look at me, what do you think I look like?
What? Yes, you've got it, I'm a hooker.
Yes, I work at 167C Portland Street,
where you see a yellow signboard,
stating Young Jade Queen.
And I've been working
as a hooker for 25 years.
Come when you have time.
How much do you charge?
-Hey.
-I just want to know.
Just 100 dollars.
And buy one, get one free. Gosh!
For ten men per night,
I only get 500 dollars.
If I just lie there without moving
for the whole month,
I only have enough to survive.
Hold this for me.
I have to scold the bad boy.
You bad boy!
You said you'll attend an English school
to get foreigners for me.
But you came here for fun
and you won't even acknowledge me.
-I'm so pitiful.
-What?
How come a hooker has a gun?
Yes.
I even bought you a toy gun.
-He likes to play with toy guns.
-Thank you, Mom.
Give it back to me.
-Didn't you say that you bought it for me?
-Yes. Give...
-You bought it for me.
-Yes. I did...
-Then it's mine.
-Yes.
-I want to play with it and try it now.
-No.
-Look up.
-What's wrong? Let him play with it.
You love me so much, you bought me a gun.
-Come, let's play.
-Play, but don't aim it at me.
-She said don't aim it at her.
-Hey...
Don't aim it at anybody.
Sing, playing with guns in school
is a serious crime.
-I want to study.
-No, put down the gun.
-I'll play with guns if I can't study.
-No.
Are you all right?
I'm fine.
That gun is loud.
Don't...
The gun is here.
This gun is so real.
Don't play with guns. It's very dangerous.
What are you afraid of?
I'm in charge here.
The sound is so realistic.
Wow! This gun is really powerful.
Mrs. Chow, where did you get
such a realistic toy gun?
Damn you!
Mrs. Chow, I'll teach your son a lesson.
-Okay.
-Go!
Hey, you really want
to mess things up for me?
You're messing things up for me.
What do you mean
by withdrawing me from school?
What are you doing here?
I'm the one in charge.
Don't be so heartless.
I just want to help you.
Help me? You just want to help yourself.
You're so selfish.
Let me try it for once, okay?
Whether I would succeed or not,
I'll bear the consequences.
My career, romance, and future
are all in your hands.
Leave now if you want to help me.
Silence means yes.
It's only a toy gun.
Why are you so nervous?
It's a toy gun for kids.
Why is an adult like you playing with it?
If you fire all my bullets,
how would I report it?
-Mrs. Chow. You can leave with your son.
-Okay.
Why are you in such a hurry?
I'm leaving, bye.
I was just playing around, why scold me?
You disrespect her because she's a whore.
You deserve it.
Go back to what you were doing.
Leader.
You're leaving?
This is my phone number,
let's have tea some time.
What is that?
The school map, it's good for escaping.
-Did you draw it?
-No, I just found it.
Who would draw something like this?
Here.
Where did you get this map?
Chow Sing-sing gave it to me.
Where did Chow Sing-sing get it?
I don't know.
Madam Wong, do you believe
in Chow Sing-sing?
I believe in Tat.
I believe in Chow Sing-sing.
I believe in Sing.
How can I trust you guys?
I believe you.
Believe Sing. If Sing says so, it's true.
Madam, I've spoken
with the Secretary of Security.
The Regional Crime Unit
is no longer needed in this case.
The Special Branch will
take care of it ourselves.
You can continue believing in Sing.
I'm sorry, Lydia.
Tat, I trust you.
Where's Sandy?
I don't know. Don't you see I'm busy now?
Are you kidding me?
I told you to keep an eye on her.
It seems she went downstairs.
Why didn't you say so earlier?
Hey, there's still some more.
Finish it.
Come on, let's synchronize our time.
I have no watch.
Let's move.
-Okay.
Mr. Lee, we're in position.
Hey, let's get drinks first.
-Let's go.
-Okay.
Roll the ball.
See you later.
Hello...
-It's not working.
-Let me check it.
Let me tell you a secret.
-What is it?
There are terrorists in Hong Kong.
-You're crazy.
Hurry.
Hello.
Sing.
Speak louder.
-Sing!
-Damn you!
What?
Where are the guys from Special Branch?
Where's Uncle Tat?
Call the police at once.
I'll be there immediately.
-Special Branch.
-Hello, I'm Chow Sing-sing.
-Are you crazy?
-Hello...
Hello!
What's the number for the police?
It's 999. Hurry!
Damn you!
We're doomed.
-Sir.
-Chow Sing-sing, why are you back?
There are heavily-armed terrorists
who currently have a group of hostages.
I want you to dispatch
a team of SDU to save them.
-I haven't received any orders for this.
-There won't be any
because I'm the only one
who knows this at this time.
You used to be the captain here.
We can't leave without any orders.
I know, but people's lives are at stake.
It's an emergency. There's no more time.
Sorry, I can't help you.
-Then please lend me your warrant card.
-No.
Chow Sing-sing, you want to go to jail?
Team Number 3, units A, B, C, move out.
There are hundreds of lives
waiting for you to rescue.
I'll take responsibility for everything.
Do you trust me?
Move out!
Come on, let's go! Move it!
Hold this.
Under the pool, there's an air raid tunnel
where you can escape through.
Follow me.
That way.
Hurry.
Get away, let me do it.
Go.
Why is it suddenly so bright?
Where are my shades?
It feels uncomfortable without my shades.
It's there.
Damn it, the exit has been blocked.
I'll kill you, bastards!
How come it's a hotdog sandwich?
Be careful, hurry.
-Be careful.
-Hurry.
Police, freeze!
Don't shoot, we're on the same side.
-Inspector Chow, I met them in the tunnel.
-Sing.
-Crouch.
-It's terrifying.
The terrorists are terrifying.
How did you get out?
We escaped through
the underground air raid tunnel.
But it exploded earlier.
-I think you can't go that way.
-Any injuries?
No. We're all safe, except for me.
I told you, you're the best.
Yes, he's the best. Good thing he's here.
Are there any more students inside?
-I don't know, but Uncle Tat is inside.
-Uncle Tat?
-He saved us.
-He saved you?
-Like the Terminator.
-Terminator?
But I wonder if he's dead.
Let's go in at once!
Damn it.
Hey, hold on!
I surrender!
It's unfair that it's two against one.
You'll learn your lesson
when my partner comes.
Move in.
Pay attention.
There must be more students inside.
Lead them out!
-Okay.
-Let's go.
Listen, everyone. We're trying to find
a fat Chinese man with a mustache.
Do you see him?
No, sir.
Sir, does he have
any other characteristic?
Characteristic?
Sleazy. He's very sleazy.
Does he have a pleasing personality?
His personality?
Is this a blind date or what?
Who asked this stupid question?
-Do you see him?
-No, we've searched all the classrooms.
-Hey!
-Aren't you Chow Sing-sing?
-I'm Inspector Chow.
-Sir.
-Have you seen Terminator?
-Which Terminator?
-James Bond.
-Which James Bond?
-The Director of Student Affairs.
-Who's the Director of Student Affairs?
-Beat him up outside.
-Yes, sir.
-Hey! Don't!
Flash grenade.
Inspector Chow, what now?
-Get him out for first-aid.
-What about you?
Save his life first. Hurry!
Here.
Inspector Chow.
I'll cover you.
Ready, go!
I'll kill all of you.
Anybody still alive?
Answer me if there is any.
I've reached the last machine room, over.
Do you read me? Over.
Hello.
Sing. Relay.
-Are you all right?
-I'm fine.
Hey, where's the bullet?
-Where did you hide it?
-In my back.
Is it?
It's inside.
You've been shot?
You were pretending earlier?
Young man, you have to be honest.
-Don't always try to fool people.
-Cut the crap, I'm in pain.
I'll call an ambulance.
-Hold it.
-Why?
Everybody is coming.
Let me get the credit first.
You're being superficial again?
What are you looking at? You are.
He's not a police officer,
I'm going to arrest him.
Chow Sing-Sing's actions were all part
of Regional Crime Unit's Tso Tat-wah's...
Don't be rude.
...plan.
I'll take responsibility for everything.
You've done a great job this time,
none of the students are hurt.
Sir, you've agreed to not let
the RCU get involved in this case.
I didn't.
You did.
There's an order here, see for yourself.
You're becoming more and more hateful.
A hand grenade!
Bastard, you dare interrupt me
while I'm talking.
Don't think you won't get arrested
after death. Lock him up!
Who pushed me to the front?
I'll deal with you later.
Thank you.
You got me in trouble this time.
Sir.
Was I rude this time?
You've learned something at last
after being with me for so long.
Chow Sing-sing.
You have done very well this time,
we welcome you back to the police force.
However, I'm not interested
in working under the Traffic Unit.
Don't worry.
This time, you'll either become
a Chief Superintendent or Chief Inspector.
I've heard that you've been shot?
Yes, but to me, it is only a scratch.
It's really nothing to me.
Any requests?
I want an ambulance.
-Call an ambulance!
-Ambulance!
Someone's courting me.
Let's see if you can beat him first.
Is that okay?
I'm not a coward anymore.
Did I say I'm courting you?
I came here to learn about
flower arrangements.
You bastard, you stole my girl.
I'll beat you up.
I'll beat you up!